Main process:
        1. Main process after startup creates NO oxygen process and NH hydrogen process
        2. Wait for ending all of the processes
        3. End main process with exit code 0

Oxygen process:
        1. Every oxygen identify as idO, 0<idO<=NO
        2. After startup, it prints: "A: O idO: started"
        3. Wait via "usleep" command random time in <0,TI> interval
        4. Prints: "A: O idO: going to queue" and join the line of oxygens to forming molecule
        5. In a moment, when no molecule is formed, oxygen and two hydrogens are released from the front.
           The corresponding process will print: "A: O idO: creating molecule noM" (noM is a molecule number, these are numbered sequentially from 1)
        6. Simulates forming molecule with random time in <0,TB> interval via "usleep" command
        7. After forming molecule, it informs the hydrogens from the same molecule that the molecule is finished
        8. Prints: "A: O idO: molecule noM created" and the process is finish
        9. If not enough hydrogen is already available (nor will any more be created/queued) prints: "A: O idO: not enough H" and the process is finish

Hydrogen process:
	1. Every hydrogen identify as idH, 0<idH<=NH
	2. After startup, it prints: "A: H idH: started"
	3. Wait via "usleep" command random time in <0,TI> interval
        4. Prints: "A: H idH: going to queue" and join the line of hydrogens to forming molecule
        5. In a moment, when no molecule is formed, oxygen and two hydrogens are released from the front.
           The corresponding process will print: "A: H idH: creating molecule noM" (noM is a molecule number, these are numbered sequentially from 1)
	6. After that, wait for message from oxygen, that forming molecule finished. 
        8. Prints: "A: H idH: molecule noM created" and the process is finish
        9. If not enough oxygen or hydrogen is already available (nor will any more be created/queued) prints: "A: H idH: not enough O or H" and the process is finish

